CitiesSkylines/README.md, before:

# Cities Skylines save1-Cannville

Savegames with mod list.

I did 9 saves total until I decided to just use one file master-cannvile.crp which first's commit is from same date as 08_sixth_milestone_bigtown_ad.crp.
This file will be overwritten each time from later saves. Each commit marking 09 and 10 and etc.
The idea is to have each commit as a certain time in game.

The older files were removed, it may be possible to found them in early commits.

See in folder for city progress log and used mods.

## Map :  Regal Hills
## City : Cannville

Captures for timelapse:

Browse the screens here - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LvGUVHA965MyRkn_PK1B8mK73wcTZqxD.

How was it made?
Using Camera Positions Utility (ID=898480258) and HideUI (ID=406326408)
I set up 5 (and later added more) positions so far and then from time to time I just switch to each one and make a screenshot using steam
which creates both compressed jpg in steam folder and png in useradata.
I could use to have reminded that in game time passed like half a year so its time to make screenshots.
But just keeping the idea that something changed a lot, so its time to make screenshots is enough imho.

Camera positions:

* 1 - near the towns first roundabout
* 2 - same, but bit zoomed out
* 3 - again same, but way further
* 4 - centered at first roundabout but from opposite direction and at low angle
* 5 - zoomed out, up is west
* 6 - similar to 3, pointing south east
* 9 - maximum meaningful zoom, up is north

# save2-future

Commit message:

Old city update, new city, changed the name in script (TODO a arguments) some howto in README, also howto for RimWorld, and OLD astroneer readme

CitiesSkylines/README.md, after:

# Cities Skylines save1-Cannville

Savegames with mod list.

I did 9 saves total until I decided to just use one file master-cannvile.crp which first's commit is from same date as 08_sixth_milestone_bigtown_ad.crp.
This file will be overwritten each time from later saves. Each commit marking 09 and 10 and etc.
The idea is to have each commit as a certain time in game.

The older files were removed, it may be possible to found them in early commits.

See in folder for city progress log and used mods.

## Map :  Regal Hills
## City : Cannville

Captures for timelapse:

Browse the screens here - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LvGUVHA965MyRkn_PK1B8mK73wcTZqxD.

How was it made?
Using Camera Positions Utility (ID=898480258) and HideUI (ID=406326408)
I set up 5 (and later added more) positions so far and then from time to time I just switch to each one and make a screenshot using steam
which creates both compressed jpg in steam folder and png in useradata.
I could use to have reminded that in game time passed like half a year so its time to make screenshots.
But just keeping the idea that something changed a lot, so its time to make screenshots is enough imho.

Camera positions:

* 1 - near the towns first roundabout
* 2 - same, but bit zoomed out
* 3 - again same, but way further
* 4 - centered at first roundabout but from opposite direction and at low angle
* 5 - zoomed out, up is west
* 6 - similar to 3, pointing south east
* 9 - maximum meaningful zoom, up is north

# save2-MasonValley

New mods list, (see 2018_07_11_clean_w_gfx_v1.clipboard or get the xml), starting it I finalized howto steps in /README.md.

9 camera positions, screens are so far just for each commit under not specified time in between. Gotta make it a standard.

More info will follow.
