CitiesSkylines/regal_hills_cannville/mayor_log.md, before:

# Day First

## Roads
###### Recommended mods for building road:
* Precision Engineering (ID=445589127)
* Pause on load (ID=408905948)

Every Mayor knows that at the beginning of the game, the game should be paused and then
roads have to be built, since many buildings want to be near them.
In more detail, cars need to go in the city from the highway and then back.
So roundabout is good first option for lower traffic.

Make sure to designate residential and industrial area away from each other.
You might want to choose a direction for the roundabout so industrial trucks/tractors
stay on the roundabout the least time and when they are done in the area,
leave the city the shortest way, perhaps with a new connection to highway.

That will be future plans for this city when the industrial area will grow though.

For residential area, grid will probably work best, although you might want to
do some curves and spaces in between and join them with pathways later.

But first save some for money for **water** and **electricity**.

## Water

There is river on this map, so let's just drain clean water from the upper flow
and then the 'used water' from the city will be pumped bellow.

If you don't have water area, you might use water towers, but no idea where to
dump the 'used water', probably make a hole?

With Precision Engineering mod helpers you should be able to spread out water pipes
in a nice grid by watching the blue circle where it has effects.
There is some recommended length between them.

## Power

Wind or Coal?

If you have windy areas you can generate up to 8MW (and perhaps 10MW if used at 150%).
But you might just want to go with coal power plant in industrial area.

For this city it was wind and even if industrial will pollute at first, when
districts will be unlocked, it will be farmland.

With electricity and water provided, all what is left to do is lower the budget for both services
and build roads for rest of the money so RCI zones can be set.

## Unpause
For Cannville the residential area was first exit at the roundabout followed by way to the city
and finally big soon to be farmland.
460 people were quite quick to arrive, so first milestone and schools and garbage had to be built.
School had a place with new grid nearer to the highway and garbage had extension near the future farmland at the edge of the city.
And yes, doctors near the roundabout in residential arena.
After another milestone, time for districts and finally throw out the general industry and put in the farmlands!
Police and Firefighters in the center of it all on the roundabout.
More people want to go in the city, so bridge over the water build was build and new residential area with spaces for parks built!

# Day second

After third milestone - the Tiny Town was reached more roads in the free areas were built so most of the space can be used.
This happened mainly in farm land where wider roads were used. There is room for expansion, but increase should happen
slowly because of possible traffic issues.

Tunnel was built for incoming tractors which ends near the edge (at that time) of city, near garbage area.
From certain point the tunnel is free way so it can be quickly accessed from first roundabout.

On this map a major problem seemed to be the regular draining from the river, in my case perhaps some accidental
terraforming from buildings made the sewage go 'upstream' where the drain was, which resulted in many ill people.
Hence new hospital.

Before I got an idea to remove these drainers (they drain even when off) I made significant terraforming on the river which might make it funny a bit and with often rains, there will be floods.

Probably the high taxes gives a lot of income, very nice and easy even on 'hard mode'.

Lots of demand for residential areas, so several areas have been made pointing on the 'north' where area with access to railways is. After all those people move in, there was demand for more jobs, luckily on the 'east' side of the city, wood industry might have a good chance. Different product (which has no advantage) and traffic which should only go through highway (much more important).

Garbage is filling up, lots more area needed. Far from residential areas.
With 4 new ones, the old one could be emptied and eventually removed.

Large police headquarters built with smaller firefighters station next to it.

Finally larger air powered stations are possible, next station will be solar powered.

Largest challenge was to built 'south of the starting point' which means rebuilding the current T shaped highway crossing.
After watching this [video](https://youtu.be/N4PW66_g6XA?t=493) I tried out implementing Diamond Way Interchange, with those main roads being as two way, which does not work well for cars AI, since they do dumb things...
The larger problem is that this interchange is also joined with some tunnels from the city and then this 'roundabout above highway bellow another roundabout' which makes it bit more confusing at first look. Plus all the limits off the road is blocking upgrades and etc... Probably good time to install Road Anarchy. Leave that for another day.

With that 'done' and few more residential areas built, city finally reached the sixth, the Big Town milestone.
Universities, burning of the garbage and high density zones, lots will change.

# Day Third

The highway junction was ridiculous, 2 way roads converted to one way where it made sense...

Oh noes, mayor went to party and forgot stuff...

# Next week

Dunno what happened but we reached Big Town milestone! That meant we could finally start designated high density areas and burn our trash! Still some time until we can clean our poo water.
Made a new district - Dirty Park to put there a few trash burning buildings and some place for trash.
Few places in city had their area changed, usually to high density. One of the districts near the edge bellow mountain is half full of high density residential areas, the lower residents refuse to destroy their tiny houses and put nice big buildings there. So city had
to act few times...

# Few days later

The diamond highway junction had weird road colors, it was rebuilt to a nicer shape and some tunnels to main highway were built
Big city achieved. Finally we can recycle water and burn people.

# Big pause

Probably forgot to commit the whole thing since last time. Here we go.

# 2017/09/04 - 3:00

Wanted to have a 30 minute checkup, 2 hours gone, thanks.
Did some traffic optimizations mainly for garbage trucks near highway where is the incinerator part.
Train station for people now exists with metro leading to it. That also has new stop at university.
Build some offices, somehow great work demand fell. Some few residential areas.
Build Spa hotel and small tourist zones, it created crazy high hotels.
Wilson street created connecting end of the city with other part over river.

We really need to name stuff properly.

When small cold comes people use electricity for heating like crazy and at the same time some of the power plants lose power.
That results in 100MW drop which is of course causing a lot of issues.
Therefore geothermal heating was introduced and now there is need to upgrade a looot of pipes.

Seems like main traffic line through city is getting too many cars. Some huge roundabouts should be introduced.

# 2017/10/13

Friday the 13th, lets see..

Things are fine, we are making money! Some complaints of not enough customers or not enough products, meh.

# 2017/20/10

Accidently disabled despawning of vehicles, last time, resulting in terror.
Graves are full, build more of those burning places. Some fire houses, some fillings of the areas and mainly starting to build some "outter highway" which should also help some of the industrial traffic.

# 2017/23/12

Things changed, forgot what really...

# 2018/02/10

We were in debt, much loans. Luckily all is green so that was payed by year 2038.
Hilly part with trains had dead body in children's playground, so new graveyard on closest straight land had to be build (way uphill), people seemed happy.
People wanted new jobs, but since we have cars and trucks everywhere now, only offices were allowed.
I spot some person driving around block 5 times (weeks of gametime...) as he was looking for parking spot, he is still supper happy though so meh.
The wierd part on the South Side (looking from camera 9) had to be redesigned! Highway now continues underground into the future parts of town (2100 maybe?).
Now it looks bit better.

Oh and Cold Power Plant is no more! But we always have to have day on, otherwise we would be loosing power. There is need for new heating plant as well.
Some science building was build near the smallest and bussiest crossroads in town, just bellow uni. I hope they will produce some mind which will fix the traffic issues. Flying cars perhaps?

Commit message:

year 2040, 35k pop and rising, 2 or 3 more milestones to go

CitiesSkylines/regal_hills_cannville/mayor_log.md, after:

# Day First

## Roads
###### Recommended mods for building road:
* Precision Engineering (ID=445589127)
* Pause on load (ID=408905948)

Every Mayor knows that at the beginning of the game, the game should be paused and then
roads have to be built, since many buildings want to be near them.
In more detail, cars need to go in the city from the highway and then back.
So roundabout is good first option for lower traffic.

Make sure to designate residential and industrial area away from each other.
You might want to choose a direction for the roundabout so industrial trucks/tractors
stay on the roundabout the least time and when they are done in the area,
leave the city the shortest way, perhaps with a new connection to highway.

That will be future plans for this city when the industrial area will grow though.

For residential area, grid will probably work best, although you might want to
do some curves and spaces in between and join them with pathways later.

But first save some for money for **water** and **electricity**.

## Water

There is river on this map, so let's just drain clean water from the upper flow
and then the 'used water' from the city will be pumped bellow.

If you don't have water area, you might use water towers, but no idea where to
dump the 'used water', probably make a hole?

With Precision Engineering mod helpers you should be able to spread out water pipes
in a nice grid by watching the blue circle where it has effects.
There is some recommended length between them.

## Power

Wind or Coal?

If you have windy areas you can generate up to 8MW (and perhaps 10MW if used at 150%).
But you might just want to go with coal power plant in industrial area.

For this city it was wind and even if industrial will pollute at first, when
districts will be unlocked, it will be farmland.

With electricity and water provided, all what is left to do is lower the budget for both services
and build roads for rest of the money so RCI zones can be set.

## Unpause
For Cannville the residential area was first exit at the roundabout followed by way to the city
and finally big soon to be farmland.
460 people were quite quick to arrive, so first milestone and schools and garbage had to be built.
School had a place with new grid nearer to the highway and garbage had extension near the future farmland at the edge of the city.
And yes, doctors near the roundabout in residential arena.
After another milestone, time for districts and finally throw out the general industry and put in the farmlands!
Police and Firefighters in the center of it all on the roundabout.
More people want to go in the city, so bridge over the water build was build and new residential area with spaces for parks built!

# Day second

After third milestone - the Tiny Town was reached more roads in the free areas were built so most of the space can be used.
This happened mainly in farm land where wider roads were used. There is room for expansion, but increase should happen
slowly because of possible traffic issues.

Tunnel was built for incoming tractors which ends near the edge (at that time) of city, near garbage area.
From certain point the tunnel is free way so it can be quickly accessed from first roundabout.

On this map a major problem seemed to be the regular draining from the river, in my case perhaps some accidental
terraforming from buildings made the sewage go 'upstream' where the drain was, which resulted in many ill people.
Hence new hospital.

Before I got an idea to remove these drainers (they drain even when off) I made significant terraforming on the river which might make it funny a bit and with often rains, there will be floods.

Probably the high taxes gives a lot of income, very nice and easy even on 'hard mode'.

Lots of demand for residential areas, so several areas have been made pointing on the 'north' where area with access to railways is. After all those people move in, there was demand for more jobs, luckily on the 'east' side of the city, wood industry might have a good chance. Different product (which has no advantage) and traffic which should only go through highway (much more important).

Garbage is filling up, lots more area needed. Far from residential areas.
With 4 new ones, the old one could be emptied and eventually removed.

Large police headquarters built with smaller firefighters station next to it.

Finally larger air powered stations are possible, next station will be solar powered.

Largest challenge was to built 'south of the starting point' which means rebuilding the current T shaped highway crossing.
After watching this [video](https://youtu.be/N4PW66_g6XA?t=493) I tried out implementing Diamond Way Interchange, with those main roads being as two way, which does not work well for cars AI, since they do dumb things...
The larger problem is that this interchange is also joined with some tunnels from the city and then this 'roundabout above highway bellow another roundabout' which makes it bit more confusing at first look. Plus all the limits off the road is blocking upgrades and etc... Probably good time to install Road Anarchy. Leave that for another day.

With that 'done' and few more residential areas built, city finally reached the sixth, the Big Town milestone.
Universities, burning of the garbage and high density zones, lots will change.

# Day Third

The highway junction was ridiculous, 2 way roads converted to one way where it made sense...

Oh noes, mayor went to party and forgot stuff...

# Next week

Dunno what happened but we reached Big Town milestone! That meant we could finally start designated high density areas and burn our trash! Still some time until we can clean our poo water.
Made a new district - Dirty Park to put there a few trash burning buildings and some place for trash.
Few places in city had their area changed, usually to high density. One of the districts near the edge bellow mountain is half full of high density residential areas, the lower residents refuse to destroy their tiny houses and put nice big buildings there. So city had
to act few times...

# Few days later

The diamond highway junction had weird road colors, it was rebuilt to a nicer shape and some tunnels to main highway were built
Big city achieved. Finally we can recycle water and burn people.

# Big pause

Probably forgot to commit the whole thing since last time. Here we go.

# 2017/09/04 - 3:00

Wanted to have a 30 minute checkup, 2 hours gone, thanks.
Did some traffic optimizations mainly for garbage trucks near highway where is the incinerator part.
Train station for people now exists with metro leading to it. That also has new stop at university.
Build some offices, somehow great work demand fell. Some few residential areas.
Build Spa hotel and small tourist zones, it created crazy high hotels.
Wilson street created connecting end of the city with other part over river.

We really need to name stuff properly.

When small cold comes people use electricity for heating like crazy and at the same time some of the power plants lose power.
That results in 100MW drop which is of course causing a lot of issues.
Therefore geothermal heating was introduced and now there is need to upgrade a looot of pipes.

Seems like main traffic line through city is getting too many cars. Some huge roundabouts should be introduced.

# 2017/10/13

Friday the 13th, lets see..

Things are fine, we are making money! Some complaints of not enough customers or not enough products, meh.

# 2017/20/10

Accidently disabled despawning of vehicles, last time, resulting in terror.
Graves are full, build more of those burning places. Some fire houses, some fillings of the areas and mainly starting to build some "outter highway" which should also help some of the industrial traffic.

# 2017/23/12

Things changed, forgot what really...

# 2018/02/09

We were in debt, much loans. Luckily all is green so that was payed by year 2038.
Hilly part with trains had dead body in children's playground, so new graveyard on closest straight land had to be build (way uphill), people seemed happy.
People wanted new jobs, but since we have cars and trucks everywhere now, only offices were allowed.
I spot some person driving around block 5 times (weeks of gametime...) as he was looking for parking spot, he is still supper happy though so meh.
The wierd part on the South Side (looking from camera 9) had to be redesigned! Highway now continues underground into the future parts of town (2100 maybe?).
Now it looks bit better.

Oh and Cold Power Plant is no more! But we always have to have day on, otherwise we would be loosing power. There is need for new heating plant as well.
Some science building was build near the smallest and bussiest crossroads in town, just bellow uni. I hope they will produce some mind which will fix the traffic issues. Flying cars perhaps?

# 2018/02/10

Finally passed over 32k citizens, it kept going between 31-29 for long time.
New districts, even for those IT guys who need huge buildings. Bellow the hill was a split river as a result from finicky water plays from before. So one riverside had to be raised.
There will be place for luxurious district, provided that all old water clenaers will get swapped with even cleaner ones.
Some road optimization along the 'inner roandabout'.
New train station more in the city which nobody can like.
And another one on the other side, which nobody will use.
Not so far to connect with other side of the map, but we will need to unlock all tiles before.
